hello and welcome here at rudi in
we would like to give you this tutorial
show how to super easy a video
Your encoder can do that on one
itunes can run and through this
itunes of course on my ipad or
iphone
I have to pay attention to a few things
because it is so I have doubt so
a big video what was nine then
gigabyte big but my ipad canal
plus this size show it so
nonsense data to provide
to fill such a big picture if
I have only such a small picture of the
Of course there is a difference in that
case in the file size of this format
would be a gigabyte during this format
on my ipad maybe only 300
megabyte is big i must than it is
really make sure that i have no
format has what is unnecessarily big, especially
then comes even more aggravating
the format which is so big he must be yes
count
that is, the ipad must be unnecessarily much
work around as a picture format too
really reasonable to display
you can not buy anything for that
Good money is available to everyone
That's the idea, too
behind and to life
but there are also free tools
even really good tools and since one
few days you can get one from me right
find good tool that if you miro
video converter and this converter
Let's take a close look today and
show how it works we see
here itunes in itunes i have
different movies in my library
and that's what I want to do now
other films in a folder
for my otto the movies that is now
mco six folders you can see here
can and these move files for
I would like to have that on my
to provide itunes
For this I use the tool miro video
converter that is this tool
want us to times very briefly only once
You do not really care much about watching
look to convert trottweil
that is, drag and drop as simply a
video taking there reinziehen and it is
because with him this pdf documents
he has to create it in here
now this is different
video in what happens then
I have another video quite simply so
does not need the same
I just click on a lot of other things
video the theme is through
or here the juso could be
as well as select a file directly so
We stay with our pdf document
go down now what can we do with it
we have and now she will
really cool people but we have
android devices that means next
year the jersey of the magic droid this
under different devices with the
android running
why different is below android
no, it's about the display size
that is how many pixels will be
how many colors do you greet ?
display
I really want my video perfect
to adjust
I do not want unnecessary ballast with me
I want to tow it by train
drive in the hundred people inside
although I have a plus 10 0 while
this is exactly what needs to happen here
I have my apple device is mine
iphone ipod touch the nano the classic
live by fiat or eveline rößler and
then there are other formats you
So you can do more in this case
for example the portable playstation 4
jura webcam the new format of google
for multimedia files the solar 264
replace or mp4 or mp3 audio only one
can watch that is really good
well thought out the whole story
every important format is supported
but we want in our case because
we in eickel use on ipad click
now there is something here to send
he should do it the same if it does
Finished tightly encoded directly in itunes
It should be handed over as ultima in mine
itunes list which is what I earlier also
ever showed
be available yes what should he do
It will be complicated properly
think convert that was that
beautiful
that means he is now converting this
video in the right format
correct image size and send it to me
right now my own library i have
here the status 7 percent whatever
and if I want to know what
is behind it how does that work
Whats all the technology behind mpeg
control output that is you know so
already know ffm pack that
So it works with the ff mpeg
library over 120 video and
encode and decode audio formats
So it can be a really powerful tool
and you have to chatter in there output
How is the line around this code line
the whole to include the individual
which frames you right now
the one after the other
which version of the libraries you have
you on it and and leave the whole
ding just undergone far short
at the end of 89 99 percent are done that
whole has happened now
you have seen in itunes prokop that
was immediately in the itunes list in it
this pdf documents i have so
draw on my itunes so it can
play here
hello I welcome you here and have like
you can see here
just the right format I
need the video on the ipad
to play because I have for ipad times
prepared that miro video converter
is a free tool that link can
you will find in our description there
just download it on your mac os
to install
it is every one would even be paid for
are worth saying so
is great what money would be worth
For umme hammer you just have to say
try it out it's fun on her
other devices that's it
I would like to thank him
have you wish you were still
Good luck with magix until the next one
times
this shot at the albert